Require array -> bytes codec be specified in metadata (#249)
zarr-developers/zarr-specs: docs/v3/core/v3.0.rst

are documented in this section, grouped by the specification status and ordered
by time.

Changes after Provisional Acceptance
------------------------------------

> - It is now required to specify a ``bytes -> bytes`` codec in the ``codecs``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is now required to specify an ``array -> bytes`` codec in the ``codecs``
```
